Enable tlcc (#323)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode: README.md

Make sure that you set `$NANOPB_PATH` as it is needed to build Fabric Private Chaincode.

> Moreover, in order to build Fabric protobufs we also require a newer Protobuf compiler than used to build the
> Intel SGX SDK. For this reason we recommend to get another installation and use it together with Nanopb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, in order to build Fabric protobufs we also require a newer Protobuf compiler than what is provided as standard ubuntu package and is used to build the
Intel SGX SDK. For this reason you will have to download and install another version and use it together with Nanopb. Do not install the new protobuf, though, such that it is not found in your standard PATH but instead define the `PROTOC_CMD`, either as environment variable or via `config.override.mk` to point to the new `protoc` binary
```

Clone the code and make sure it is on your `$GOPATH`. (Important: we assume in this documentation and default configuration that your `$GOPATH` has a _single_ root-directoy!)

>     $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode.git $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-private-chaincode

Reviewer 2: :+1: --recursive for modules

#### Prepare Fabric

Fabric Private Chaincode support requires to re-build the Fabric peer. 

Checkout Fabric 2.0.1 release using the following commands:

    $ export FABRIC_PATH=${GOPATH}/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric
    $ git clone --branch v2.0.1 https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric.git $FABRIC_PATH
    
Note that Fabric Private Chaincode currently not work with the Fabric master branch, therefore make sure you use the Fabric

> v2.0.1 branch. Make sure Fabric is in your ``$GOPATH``.

Author: please see new version

### Build Fabric Private Chaincode

> Once you have your development environment up and running (i.e., using our docker-based setup or install all all dependencies on your machine) you can build FPC and start developing your own FPC application.

Reviewer 2: repeated all, "all all"

Author: good catch!
